
Instead of screensharing your slides when you give a talk over Zoom,
have the attendees view them in their own web browser from your site.
(Or download them and view them locally.)

(If it's not obvious why this is better, [read my blog
post](https://blog.plover.com/talk/slide-download.html).)

This package, when distributed with the slides, makes them follow a
"leader"; that's you.  When you switch your browser from one slide to
another, all the followers' browsers will switch too.

But if one attendee wants to go back (or forward) they can do that
too.  Then their session becomes disconnected from the leader's.  A
box will appear in the upper-right corner, always displaying the
number of the slide that the leader is currently presenting.  When the
attendee wants to catch up, they just click this box.

I wrote [a followup blog
post](https://blog.plover.com/talk/slide-download-2.html) that
explains in more detail what this does and how it works.

The software is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
license (CC BY 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).
You are free to share (copy and redistribute the software in any
medium or format) and adapt (remix, transform, and build upon the
material) for any purpose, even commercially, so long as you give
appropriate credit, [provide a link to the
license](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode), and
indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner,
but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your
use.
